docs(getting_started,fill): added solc building instructions for arm64 users with fill issues (#1217)
ethereum/execution-spec-tests: docs/getting_started/installation_troubleshooting.md

        /Applications/Python\ 3.11/Install\ Certificates.command
        ```

### Problem: `Exception: failed to compile yul source`

!!! danger "Problem: `Running fill fails with tests that contain yul source code`"
    This is happening when you are using an ARM64 OS but used the x86-64 installation guide.
    To resolve the issue you must build solidity from source (avoid 0.8.24 as it might require building z3 from source as well).

!!! success "Solution: Build solc from source"
    The following steps have been tested on Ubuntu 24.04.2 LTS ARM64:
    ```bash
    git clone --branch v0.8.28 --depth 1 https://github.com/ethereum/solidity.git
    cd solidity && mkdir build && cd build
    sudo apt install build-essential libboost-all-dev z3
    cmake ..
    make
    mv $HOME/Documents/execution-spec-tests/.venv/bin/solc $HOME/Documents/execution-spec-tests/.venv/bin/solc-x86-64
    cp ./solc/solc $HOME/Documents/execution-spec-tests/.venv/bin/
    chmod +x $HOME/Documents/execution-spec-tests/.venv/bin/solc
    ```

>     Running `uv run solc --version` should now be functional. Verify that fill is now working by running `uv run fill -m yul_test` in the execution-spec-tests folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Running `uv run solc --version` should now return the expected version. Verify that `fill` works by running `uv run fill -m yul_test` in the execution-spec-tests root folder.
```
